How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I saw the word "spacr" in one of the changed lines and thought it should either be "space" or "spacer". I assumed "space" (space bar) because she was attempting to change the key associations for the game.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I've experienced the frustration of making several changes and having to revert back, but not wanting to erase all of the other ones. Seeing the history of a file would speed this process up by avoiding the need to redo the wanted changes after undoing the unwanted change.

    Instead of having to take the time to redo changes, reverting back to an old version would speed up this process.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually committing would allow me to commit when I know it's a good idea. But automatic commits might save me if I've forgotten to commit and need to revert. Automatic committing would likely commit too many versions.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Multiple files contain several different changes and would allow me to use pieces of all of them. Separate docs would make things more readable. (This is my guess, I actually have no idea).


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    These commands would show which changes were made so I can compare them and find problem areas. Log displays the commits in reverse chronological order, so I’ve learned.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I would definitely feel more comfortable experimenting because I could always checkout a previous version and undo mistakes.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Submitting assignments, becoming more a part of the Git community (I have had Git for several months, but still feel shaky with it), using it for my future projects.


